a St From Evolution Unleashed today a
little bit of tough love on the menu
this is a conversation that might make a
few of you uncomfortable but it's one I
feel we need to have and I'm talking
about the way we are preparing for AI in
our businesses and our careers because
we're making some mistakes we're having
the wrong conversations and for many
they're going to lead to ruin kind of
like what I'm talking about is Imagine
two people standing on a beach and
they're looking at this massive
tsunami out in the distance and one of
them is saying now that's at least at
least five hours away now's no no it's
only three hours away oh yeah but it's
it's it's taller than you think no it's
not as tall it's not as big it's this
tall no it's this tall it's this far
away it's that far away what they should
be doing is getting their asses off the
beach so they don't get s Away by that
tsunami so rather than standing there
arguing about whether or not these
models are smarter than a house
cat we should be taking one piece of
fact and I say this as fact and no one
in their right mind anyway denies this
and that
is
AI is a hugely disruptive force and it
is going to disrupt every industry Niche
and business on the planet
it we sure we don't know if it's in the
next 3 or 5
years we don't know if it'll be large
language models or something
new but one thing we can say with
absolute certainty is that AI is coming
for your lunch and it's going to disrupt
industry and it's going to disrupt
society that certainty that rug of
certainty that we've built our society
and businesses on it is going to get
pulled out from under us and things are
going to get a bit wobbly and a bit
weird and while we don't have the
perfect timeline and the perfect crystal
ball we do need to be thinking about
what that future disruption looks like
so rather than arguing about what it's
going to be and whether or not llms are
the future or whether or not they're
smart or alive or sentient the real
conversation we should be having is how
do we get our ass off the beach and
prepare so we are not disrupted so our
businesses can survive because let me
tell you this another fact if you do
nothing you don't make any changes and
you ignore AI you will get swept away
now I don't care if you accuse me of
hyping this is happening whether you
label it as that or not whether you
accept it or
not the undeniable fact is business is
going to change and we don't like
hearing it humans yeah you know we kind
of we're not we're not not big on change
are we we don't like the idea of this
disruption it is uncomfortable to think
that what we spent our lives building AI
could make completely irrelevant just
like that it's hard hard to not be the
top of the food
chain but just go talk to copywriters
right now graphic designers in your
network ask them how their business is
and for the vast majority they're going
to say the same thing oh it's getting
harder to find work what can we be doing
to PR how do we get out the beach and
make sure that we're insulated so when
this disruptive wave heads we're
actually in the right position and right
now I keep talking about this it's a
positioning play what we should be
focusing on is how we position but how
do we do that what does that actually
look like and that's what I want to kind
of finish off on today I think there's
probably three things you should be
doing right now to prepare regardless of
all the noise that's happening around us
number one learn how to communicate with
AI models it's a
non-negotiable start looking at how AI
Works start talking to
it and
then start talking to people in your
industry that are using AI or start
listening or following them and look at
what they're
doing how are they using
Ai and that's important because if we
can anticipate how AI will disrupt our
industry then we can position ourselves
for that disruption rather than be a
victim of it so if you know that this
disruption is going to eradicate a part
of business and that new AI Solutions
will replace it then start investing in
those AI Solutions start learning them
start applying them and that's the third
thing start applying AI to your business
now we got plenty of free resources and
tools to help you get
started there's no excuse for bearing
head in the sand anymore and while it's
nice to have conversations around how
smart our LMS are and which model is
going to get us where it's not a
conversation to be had while standing on
the beach watching this tsunami come
towards
us and when everyone starts scrambling
when that rug gets pulled you'll be the
ones they turn to you'll be the ones
that they trust and you'll be the ones
that they do business with we have no
idea how big how
powerful and how long we have before AI
changes everything but one thing I am
sure of now today is the time to prepare
that's it for now see you in the next
one peace
[Music]
la
[Applause]
[Music]
oh